Forces the query table results in the Console view to rerender when … (#641)
crate/crate-admin: CHANGES.rst

Unreleased
==========

> - Forces the query table results in the Console view to rerender when clicking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused the result table to display incorrect results in certain columns after clicking the pagination buttons.
```
